Did you see it?
Mr. Yang is angry
Why don't you hurry up and tell the story of coaxing Mr. Yang?
Say it.
Mr. Yang, look
Now it's clear that his motives are impure
Then my husband doesn't need to apologize?
Don't apologize.
Do you see it?
Really can't fake
Fake can't be real
If you don't hurry up
I really took your clothes off and pulled them out
Especially weightlessness
shut up
The reason why I said he doesn't need to apologize
It's because he even kneels down and apologizes now
It doesn't matter
It's Secretary Zhang
Arrange
Immediately stop cooperating with the two wings of the Liu family
Disqualify them from the conference
Ok, and
dismiss the prime minister
country
Never Lulu
Ok Mr. Yang
Dismissal from Xiangguo Termination of He Tou Disqualification from Participation
Ouch, what kind of sin did our family do?
Oh, Mr. Yang!
Why is that?
Right.
Mr. Jiang, I know
It must be because of these two poor goods.
The shameless lie here
It makes you feel uncomfortable.
So I rushed them right away
arrive
Wife wife